we were in Gaza and we didn't know what
to do because they were threading house
after house after house in our area to
leave their place a house was bombed
next to our house and my house was
completely destroyed and even my brother
was
mared I didn't know what to feel about
that but then my mom said that we have
to go to the Rola there's no more
choices we need to leave because it's
dangerous out here we went to Rafa and
from Rafa we stayed 2 days there not
knowing where where to go we slept in
people's houses we didn't know who they
are so we stayed there and the house
that we stayed in we thought it was good
and we found shelter finally a house
next to it was bombed and the house went
crazy and the windows
broke what was I supposed to do my
brother was shaking I was shaking I was
scared I didn't move from my place cuz
of how terrified I was here were women
children and men and young boys there
are many beds and many uh pillows that
you can see here and many clothes of
children and women and all of those
people were killed here you can clearly
see that the houses are stick together
so when they target one house they're
they're targeting a whole block by this
point and it's unfair why can't we live
normally why can't we live a normal life
I mean we're children and we're people
we're I supposed to go children were
killed here 26 people were killed here
I'm terrified I'm scared and the thought
of me being killed or my my other
brother being killed just crossing my
mind repeatedly I already lost my older
brother I can't lose my younger brother
I have no no one
left no one to look up
to make sure to subscribe to our Channel
get the latest news from Al
jazer